Adding new variation (#290)
vtex-apps/minicart: docs/README.md

| Prop name              | Type                      | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Default value |
| ---------------------- | ------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- |

> | `variation`            | `enum`                    | Minicart behavior when rendered. Possible values are: `popup` (it pops up on the Homepage in a minitab window) , `drawer` (it is rendered through a side bar) or `link` (when clicked on, it redirects the user to the Checkout page). `popupWithLink` (it joins `link` and `popup` to work together) and `block` Renders the minicart as a fixed block on the page | `drawer`    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `variation`            | `enum`                    | Minicart behavior when rendered. Possible values are: `popup` (it pops up on the Homepage in a minitab window), `drawer` (it is rendered through a sidebar), `link` (when clicked on, it redirects the user to the Checkout page), `popupWithLink` (it joins `link` and `popup` to work together) and `block` renders the minicart as a fixed block on the page | `drawer`    |
```
